---
date: 2023-02-07
published: true
---
# Tuesday, Studio
## Agenda
1. Share a design that you're inspired by! - Helen
2. Reading discussion, led by Michelle & Alicia
3. Type on Screen Exercise Review
4. Lecture: History of Web Typography
5. Rapid Crits: Everyone will do a short presentation, and we will respond [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/109QYwCZYSWacVf6G_KGvFQpHxDzLa8WoGawv2N0eX48/edit?usp=sharing)

## For Homework
1. For people who haven't picked a typeface yet: create at least 3 mockups that explore the use of typography as it relates to your story; use no more than 2 typefaces per direction. When thinking typographically, consider type size and weight. Also consider the compositions of your type, considering hierarchy, leading, tracking, alignment, indentation, ect. We will share in class next Tuesday.
For people who have possibly settled on their type choice,keep iterating on your sketches, move forward with one direction, creating wireframes for each section of the site in Figma. 
Everyone: Be able to summarize your story in 2-3 sentences, and what stood out to you so that we can understand your story without having to read it. For every mockup, you should have accompanying text that justifies / explain your design decision.  
2. Read [The Web's Grain by Frank Chimero](https://frankchimero.com/blog/2015/the-webs-grain/)
3. Discussion Leaders: Anjali & Jenny
4. Everyone else writes a discussion comment or question [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pv5p2erPfjhSk7HzhXJtdSpO1effd9uR-X4lSVwFSS8/edit?usp=sharing)

# Thursday, Studio
## Agenda
1. Share an inspirational design ! - Tanishka
2. Let's finish the rapid round of crits we started in Tuesday's class.
3. Lecture: Thinking with Type - What are different design considerations we have for type on the screen?
4. Exercise: [Table of Contents](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JcN1tcO7Q8_q7SD3-2RsBxE6Ym8dI_pNYJG8izgaTto/edit?usp=sharing)
5. Reading Discussion, led by Anjali & Jenny(Time permitting)
## For Homework
1. Pick one direction and continue iterating on your sketches, using Figma to wireframe each section of the site. 
2. Turn in a link to the finished Table of Contents exercise on Canvas. 
