---
published: true
---
# Tuesday, Studio
## Agenda

1. Ren to share design inspo.
2. Hear from Helen about Can the Internet Be Archived?
3. Lecture: [Data Sharing for the Public Good](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-mb9Fr2fFb6pMnFRXwMj63QTYnwmzg-nUqNVveov8-I/edit?usp=sharing)
4. Review Animation Exercise. Turn into Canvas if you haven't already. 
5. One on ones continued.

## Homework
1. At this point you should have picked one data collection direction to focus on. We will be sharing initial wireframes of your sites on Thursday. Make a presentation using a tool of your choice that outlines what your collection is and what are the 5 different data attributes you can highlight for each object in the collection. For example, if your collection is lamps, the data associated with the lamp could be the image, where it's from, what color it is, what era it's from, does it have a lampshade or not?, Is it a floor lamp or a desk lamp, ect... Lastly you should start thinking about how your collection will be organized and sorted from a UX perspective. Does it use grid or flexbox? What happens when you click on an individual object. And of course, think about what type you might use. 
2. Reading: [Data Feminism: Collect, Analyze, Imagine, Teach](https://data-feminism.mitpress.mit.edu/pub/ei7cogfn/release/4) — Catherine D’Ignazio and Lauren Klein - Due Tuesday, March 22
3. Angela is the discussion leader
4. Everyone else respond [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1pv5p2erPfjhSk7HzhXJtdSpO1effd9uR-X4lSVwFSS8/edit?usp=sharing).
5. Watch [this video](https://vimeo.com/513584741?embedded=true&source=video_title&owner=11664633) on Javascript basics and come to class Thursday with any questions you might have. PW: interaction

# Thursday, Studio
## Agenda

1. Data Collection: Small Crits 
2. Recap / Code along: Javascript Basics


## Homework
1. Collect all of your data!
2. Refine your visual directions based on today's feedback. Make sure to mock up how your site looks on desktop and mobile.
3. Start coding! Don't worry too much about the javascript for now, but definitely start structuring your page in code. 
4. Enjoy your break!

